According to our investigation, Emma was pushed from upstairs.
It's a murder.
Rest in peace Emma.
Mom! Mom!
Mom?
Are you my sister's son?
What's your name?
I'm Adam.
You look exactly like my mom.
I'm my mom too.
Yes. Yes Adam.
From now on, you can call me Mama Erica.
Okay?
I will always protect you.
Emma, no matter what, I will take care of your child.
Oh, and Russell, the heir to the largest conglomerate family in North America, is officially announced as German.
Oh, and Russell?
Is any amen for my dreams?
Adam?
You're Adam, right?
My son.
Who are you? Maybe I'm alone.
This person looks so familiar.
He looks just like the men in my dreams.
He's my son. Who are you?
I'm his aunt. He's my sister's son.